Nits (#173)
sframe-wg/sframe: draft-ietf-sframe-enc.md

  ...
~~~~~
{: #mls-evolution title="An example sequence of KIDs for an MLS-based SFrame

> session (E=4; S=6 or 64 group members)" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
session (E=4; S=6, allowing for 64 group members)" }
```

In both temporal and spatial scalability, the SFU may choose to drop layers in
order to match a certain bitrate or forward specific media sizes or frames per

> second. In order to support the SFU selectively removing layers, the sender MUST
> encode each layer in a different frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
second. In order to support the SFU selectively removing layers, the sender MUST
encapsulate each layer in a different SFrame ciphertext.
```
